HACDOCS-470: Editing Quarkus code sample readme. (#19)
devfile-samples/devfile-sample-code-with-quarkus: README.md

# Creating an application with a Quarkus code sample

**Note:** The Quarkus code sample uses the **8081** HTTP port.

Before you begin creating an application with this `devfile` code sample, it's helpful to understand the relationship between the `devfile` and `Dockerfile` and how they contribute to your build. You can find these files at the following URLs:

* [Quarkus `devfile.yaml`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-code-with-quarkus/blob/main/devfile.yaml)

> * [Quarkus `Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Quarkus `Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-code-with-quarkus/blob/main/src/main/docker/Dockerfile.jvm.staged)
```

1. The `devfile.yaml` file has an [`image-build` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L20-L27) that points to your `Dockerfile`.

> 2. The [`docker/Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile) contains the instructions you need to build the code sample as a container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The [`docker/Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-code-with-quarkus/blob/main/src/main/docker/Dockerfile.jvm.staged) contains the instructions you need to build the code sample as a container image.
```

> 3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L27-L40) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-code-with-quarkus/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L29-L42) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.
```

> 3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-code-with-quarkus/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L29-L42) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-code-with-quarkus/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L29-L40) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.
```

> 4. The `devfile.yaml` [`deploy` command](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L42-L55) completes the [outerloop](https://devfile.io/docs/2.2.0/innerloop-vs-outerloop) deployment phase by pointing to the `image-build` and `kubernetes-deploy` components to create your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The `devfile.yaml` [`deploy` command](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-code-with-quarkus/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L44-L57) completes the [outerloop](https://devfile.io/docs/2.2.0/innerloop-vs-outerloop) deployment phase by pointing to the `image-build` and `kubernetes-deploy` components to create your application.
```

### Additional resources

> * For more information about Go, see [go.dev](https://go.dev/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information about Quarkus, see [quarkus.io](https://quarkus.io/).
```
